README.md, before:

# AWS Assume

Command line application to assume a role using a config.ini and config.creds file, the config.ini utilises the same file format as [aws-extend-switch-roles](https://github.com/tilfin/aws-extend-switch-roles). This then merges a config.creds file to authorise assume roles

## Getting Started

Create a config file that can be used in the format from aws-extend-switch-roles, create a config.creds file with the following values.

    # Master account
    [profile master]
    aws_access_key_id = AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    aws_secret_access_key = AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
    secret = TOTP_SECRET
    region = ap-southeast-2

    [profile child]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/role-name
    source_profile = master


<!-- ### Prerequisites

NA

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system -->

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/s3than/assume/tags).

## Authors

* **Tim Colbert ** - *Initial work* - [S3than](https://github.com/s3than)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/s3than/assume/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for detail

Commit message:

Update to use 1.11 and go modules, tidy and re-configure. Change to use new cmd line arguments library

README.md, after:

# AWS Assume

Command line application to assume a role using a config.ini and config.creds file, the config.ini utilises the same file format as [aws-extend-switch-roles](https://github.com/tilfin/aws-extend-switch-roles). This then merges a config.creds file to authorise assume roles


    assume -  Command line tool to set AWS assume role credentials within the aws credentials files.

    Usage: assume <command>

    Flags:

      --config  config file (default is $HOME/.config/assume/config.ini) (default: /home/tim/.config/assume/config.ini)
      --cred    credentials file (default is $HOME/.config/assume/config.creds) (default: /home/tim/.config/assume/config.creds)
      -d        return name of profile (default: false)
      --dt      return expiration time and name of profile (default: false)
      -p        set as named profile (default: default)
      -t        return expiration time of profile (default: false)

    Commands:

      version  Show the version information.


## Getting Started

Create a config file that can be used in the format from aws-extend-switch-roles, create a config.creds file with the following values.

If duration is set it will attempt to create the session with that duration

    # Master account
    [profile master]
    aws_access_key_id = AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    aws_secret_access_key = AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
    secret = TOTP_SECRET
    region = ap-southeast-2
    duration = 43200

    [profile child]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/role-name
    source_profile = master


<!-- ### Prerequisites

NA

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system -->

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/s3than/assume/tags).

## Authors

* **Tim Colbert ** - *Initial work* - [S3than](https://github.com/s3than)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/s3than/assume/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for detail
